I said, Kota, I'm not going to leave you.
What are you going to do with this?
What am I going to do?
I have a hick-hick-hick.
I got five hick-hick-hick from a young man.
I have to give it to the man who can't eat it all at once.
I have to sell it to the man who can't eat it all at once.
I heard that story.
I've been told by the man.
But as I said it,
I don't need all of this work anymore.
I am fine anyway.
I'm just busy with money.
But anyway,
I told the job owner of résumé that I would go to work
and give the money to work at theslum.
He said
I don't want to go back now.
I said, got it?
Then, they said plus,
I'll come and steal their needs.
I said, I'll give it back.
But they are totally sad and angry.
I just said to them,
I said I had to carry goods, when I saw the yogurtif the
districts are carrying .
I was shocked and shuddered.
I said I would start whiling
10 people in one go and 10ake the North and
give.
Was I lucky to give something handed over
.
I said I would find a way
I'll drink and go home.
Then you'll tell me.
I'll go home.
I'll leave it to you.
You go home with the tea.
Hey, come here.
Come here.
I'll make tea for you.
What do you want to do?
I have a lot of tea.
I'll go to drink with you.
Hey, don't drink it.
I'll bring you tea.
I don't understand.
I can't make tea.
Where did you get it?
What?
Where are you selling tea?
Where did you get it?
I'm just looking for it.
Don't you understand?
Why don't you sell it?
It's the fish.
What?
What are you selling?
He said,
Hey, isn't this good?
He was very interested.
He got a lot of young people.
He said,
I gave you 10 yen.